Forge Standard Library docs (#207)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/forge-std/memOverflowError.md

## `memOverflowError`

### Signature

```solidity
stdError.memOverflowError
```

### Description

> The error when trying to allocate size of a dynamic memory array greater than 2^64-1.

Reviewer: Is this the number of items or the size of the array, i.e. if I allocate a dynamic memory array with 2 items and both items have a size of `2^32` bytes, would this panic?

```suggestion
The internal Solidity error when trying to allocate a dynamic memory array with more than `2^64-1` items.
```

Author: Could you help with this? I'm sometimes getting a revert without data for arbitrary values.

Also, [Solidity Blog post](https://blog.soliditylang.org/2020/04/06/memory-creation-overflow-bug/#technical-details)
